Hi
Hi Michael, I am Diana here😇
Yay
Yeah  Mike, Sorry for late
No worries
We all have lives
Of course
Are you at home now?
No at store
Had to get stuff for snow
May you have what you need and be comfortable. Take care of yourself
Thank you
I think you've already bought what you need
Yes I am back sorry feeding dogs
I understand. Feed your dogs first. I'm ready to cook dinner now. We'll talk calmly after we cook dinner
I just finished dinner. How was your dinner?
Sorry busy night
Good morning! A new day means new opportunities. Go out there and make it amazing!
Been doing that for 5 hours already
Does that mean you woke up early?
Yes. I always do. Mind is clearer then.
I respect you for getting up early. I'm lazy and have to get up early
Lol.
We're having a bad weather so I'll be working from home for today. How's your day going?
Ok so far. Yeah weather here is not fun.
Yes ,I work 5 days a week 9-5.And sleep time is around 11pm ,woke up around 6 every morning ,Did you not go to work today because of the bad weather?
I work remote
This is very good software knowledge
How is your working hours?
They range. Sometimes early and sometimes later. It depends.
You will understand your job better. You don't have fixed working hours
More like performance based. I get things done and sometimes I have time on my own.
It's better for you to finish your day's work first, and you'll have more time
Up to you.
Your job is up to you,I am currently living alone in an apartment near the company. My family lives in Korea and I think you live with your lovely wife. I think your 7 children also live near your house
Your Korean. Cool
I was born and raised in Korea Seoul.I have been in the US for almost 8 years.I think I forgot to tell you about me.I graduated from Seoul National University, Business Administration and Financial Economics. I moved to the US. Initially since 2017. I lived in LA for over 3 years.I spent about 1.5 years tried on my Master's in Financial Management degree, and started working at JPMorgan Chase as a portfolio analyst after an internship. Later, I moved to Verisk Analytics, which offered me a better salary and position as a senior manager , and I have been there for 4 years now in Jersey city, NJ
I just finished lunch. Have you eaten yet?
Cooking shrimp now
I really like shrimp. You should send me a picture of how you cook it sometime
I will
So send me a picture now
Still cooking
Send me a picture of you
I asked for your picture first, so send me your picture first
Lol ok
I am waiting for your picture
Yummy ,Your wife is lucky to have such a talented boy
This smile is for you
I am a man of many talents
Really, thank you
I respect you
We can continue to text each other now
Just handling ad-hoc requests like urgent KPI reports for sales team. But so far everything is fine
Me too just filling out paperwork
Yeah , Still work , Can Still text , Lol
Same yes
Lol your funny
Btw,I met some people on Telegram who keep trying to sell me loans and gift cards, and they also send creepy messages. I think some of these guys might be from India , which really grosses me out.What about you? Have you had any bad experiences like this?
Not sure  how to respond to that
It's time for me to video call my mom now. We can continue talking tomorrow
Sure
Great smile. I gotta sleep now.  Good night
Happy Wednesday! Every new morning is another chance to move closer to your goals. Stay focused and confident
Yay hump day. Hiw was your conversation with you mom?
We talk every day
Oh that's awesome. Always good mother daughter bond.
Yes ,This is something you should do while your parents are present
Yes. Unfortunately mine are not.
Why don't I know anything about you?
Because we just started chatting. Is my guess
I don't understand
You asked this i responded. How would you know my parents are dead. We just started chatting.
Cherish the time with you mom.
Okay
Did I say something wrong
No , You are right
Yay
I just went to the supermarket on my way home from work and bought groceries
I was stressed because I was busy today
We'll go wrap up what you need and relax. I appreciate you reaching out and letting me know what's going on
I'm not here to add more stress
I want to eat salmon for dinner, so I have to buy some salmon
Good choice delicious and nutritious
What do you usually cook your salmon with
I only have you to talk to. If you can understand my feelings, I'm fine
I cook a variety of dishes.I'm making Lemon pepper salmon with a spinach salad for tonight, the rest are just for the basil pasta tomorrow
Well, you know what fine spells? freaked out, insecure, neurotic and emotional
That's a delicious way to eat.It sounds yum, yummy.You're making me hungry hungry
It sounds like you had today. Go overlax eat something chill
Yes, my nerves are really weak. I'm impatient. I get irritated when I talk
I'd say very healthy shopping basket of food. Looks beautiful
Maybe when you've had something to eat.Relax talk to your mom.You'll feel better
Yes, I will do as you say. I will continue talking about this when I get home
Ok
Talk to you later
Ok, I have band practice for the next few hours. Just a heads-up
I understand ,You can't fail at what you have to do
I'm back home. I'm going to rest for a while, take a shower, and cook dinner
Nice. Enjoy your service.
Yes I will
Hope church was good
I'm currently at the foster home ,Today for this little boy's birthday, I gave each child a birthday present ,I don't have time to take care of them, but I will donate what I can
I did this
Is this a place where you went to a retirement music venue?
Lol no. Vineyard.
Oh ,I thought so because I saw people in wheelchairs
Guy with cerebral palsy
I understand, he's happy too, it's fun
Yes very nice
Hiw are you?
I'm fine, you haven't been free all day, you're just now starting to worry about me
Sorry busy day.
Wedding reception
I understand this is how it should be
Hiw was your day?
I feel like you are upset with me.
I shared with you what I did that day
You did. I can see you are short and upset.
If you don't want to chat I understand
I'm not angry, I'm just watching the gold market right now
Ok. I feel you are upset
Is that what you do when you are upset. Watch the gold market
Maybe you have written me off already  and are watching the gold market
I've already said that I'm not upset. Why should I be upset with you? I need to understand that you're not my  boyfriend
Not sure but I get feeling when something is not right
Have you been following the gold market recently?
Yes I write algorithms in python to use ai and predict future changes. Software remember.
That’s interesting. So what does your AI predict about the gold market recently?
Please don't make me look now
I get email when I am working.
In general it makes me enough to cover mist boat costs a year say 30 k ish
okay
got it
So what do you wear when watching gold markets
You are a real pro, let me learn from you
What?
I don't really share that
You seem to have your process and I have mine
Yeah what do you wear while watching the gold market
Wear?
Very beautiful.
I hear the sound of the drums, it's pitch black, I can't see anything, like a ghost is coming
This is what I was working on. Only recorded the audio.
Okay , Enjoy your time ,I am looking at market analysis for trading
Me out playing
Stunning
Have a good night.  I need to sleep.
So cool 
Thanks
Good night. It’s been a long Tuesday, so rest well and recharge. Tomorrow is another fresh start waiting for you
Yes long one tomorrow with band practice
Good night
Happy Wednesday morning. I hope today brings you peace, success, and a smile that lasts all day
My smile is still lasting after last night. I hope you have a good day.
It's better if you always smile. Can you send me a picture of your smiling face?
Sorry nose is red have a cold.
great plan
Ok you made me smile
I know. The impossible
Running around now to get ready for my flight. Not sure if warm enough to use pool but bringing bathing suit.
I do smile I just need a reason.
Of course, you can carry everything you have
I'm ready to take a shower now
Enjoy your shower
I'll text you after I shower
Ok, I am running around to get ready to leave.
Cooking time now
Your dinner are always so beautiful
My dinner is as beautiful as I am
No you are way more beautiful
Have a good night. I need to wake up at 4 AM to fly. So I'm going to bed now.
Have a good night and sleep well. Waking up at 4 AM is very early. I hope you have a safe and smooth flight tomorrow
At it early
Awe so cute
Forget what you look like